
The idea of blind hiring is a great way to help companies hire capable employees and allows applicants a fair chance when being considered for a position. I think that all companies should hire people based on their skill set rather than their appearance or cultural background. Using some sort of test or project as part of a job application not only allows the employer to pick the best qualified candidates but also allows the applicants to get an idea of what kind of work might be expected of them in order to actually perform the job they’re applying for.

On the other hand, I can see how some people’s behavior or habits might not be a good fit for an employer. The applicant might be not work with others well or be able to take direction. It would be hard to know what kind of personality the applicant would have when using the blind hiring process. Although, the employers could (and would) have a face to face interview with the top scoring applicants to help weed out the ones with less than acceptable personality traits.

Blind hiring and diversity first hiring practices differ because blind hiring gives all applicants the same criteria to meet to be considered for  position while the diversity first focuses on purposefully adding diversity to a companies team instead of solely on qualifications. I think that both require employers to think more about the hiring process and which applicant to hire for a position. Blind hiring is a good middle ground between diversity first and subjective hiring practices used by many companies.