
It was very surprising to me that there is such a high number of White males in the tech industry. I thought that Black males would have been represented much more than they are. Black women specifically seem to be severely under represented. The chart representing women in the tech industry was actually higher than I had imagined. Asian males working in tech represented a lot of the Asian population in the United States which was surprising.

I’m not really sure why there is so much of a gap between White tech workers and all the other ethnicities working in the tech industry. One reason might be that the White population in general represents more than half of our country’s overall population. Another might be that Black and Hispanic races are often considered to live below or around the poverty line which makes going to college difficult or impossible. The upper and middle classes are often made up of White which can allow them to pursue a better education and possibly help them with networking.

It seems that White males dominate the tech industries managerial jobs. Women are pushed out of this table even more than the general tech workforce table. Black, Hispanic, and persons of mixed races either barely show up or are non existent on the management chart. It’s surprising how much more White males are represented in management in the tech industry.

While working at previous jobs (primarily restaurants) I met people from many different ethnicities and backgrounds. Most of the time, the people I looked up to in management were very good at what they did. They worked hard to get where they were and I see that as inspiration for me. I wanted to be the best I could be and work as hard as them. I’ve worked my way up from the bottom in every job I have worked at. I feel that having a good leader to emulate makes me a better worker. It’s important to me to be able to follow someone I can look up to.